Voice troubleshooting: add step to check certificate (#433)
NabuCasa/support: src/voice-pe/troubleshooting/no-voice-response.md

## Resolution

To resolve this issue, follow the steps below.

### Prerequisites

- You need administrator rights on Home Assistant

### To troubleshoot the connection to the voice assistant device

1. Make sure the voice assistant device can reach Home Assistant via the local Home Assistant URL (from inside your network, not using the external URL you use to access Home Assistant from outside your network).
   1. Go to your [user profile](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/profile/) and enable **Advanced mode**.
   2. Go to [**Settings** > **System** > **Network**](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/network/).
   3. Change your **Local network** Home Assistant URL to a URL that can be reached locally and that points to Home Assistant.
   4. For most users, the **Automatic** option works and is recommended.

   ![Screenshot of the network settings](/static/img/voice-pe/local_network_automatic.png)

> 2. Another reason the connection fails could be an invalid SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Another reason the connection fails could be when you have configured an SSL certificate directly inside Home Assistant.
```

Author: thank you for the clarification/improvement
